Langref polish (#2193)
slint-ui/slint: docs/langref/src/models.md

## Arrays and Models

Arrays are created by wrapping `[` and `]` around the type of the array elements.

> In the runtime, arrays are used as models in the `for` expression.

Reviewer: This is an attempt to introduce the model term in this "Array and Models" section, but it's a little ... poor.

Perhaps what we should have is a paragraph that introduces arrays, and a second paragraph that explains what models are (a term that only exists in our Rust/C++ API) and how properties holding arrays become models when exposed to native code.

```suggestion
Array literals as well as properties holding arrays act as models in`for` expressions.
```

}
```

Arrays define some operations by default:

-   **`array.length`**: One can query the length of an array and model using the builtin `.length` property.
-   **`array[index]`**: The index operator retrieves individual elements of an array.

Out of bound access into an array will return default-constructed values or cause

> a compile error (if detectable at compile time).

Reviewer 2: i am not aware of the compile error.
